[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Good morning, everybody.
This is Ty.
And you'll never guess
what I'm doing right now.
Right now, I have got my
feet planted in the Earth.
And what I'm doing
is I'm focusing
on creating a communication
between my body and the Earth.
There's actually electrical
energy flowing up into my body.
And that's called earthing.
That's called getting grounded.
And that's what we're
going to talk about today.
The Earth can be seen
as a massive battery.
It's actually a
sextillion-ton metric battery,
which is constantly
being replenished
by lightning and
solar radiation,
and the molten core
from the Earth.
And just like a
car battery would
be in charge of the
electrics for your car,
the Earth is in charge of all
the animals and all the living
things that are on the
surface and in the water.
All the bugs and all the
viruses and all humans--
everything is in electrical
energy and communication
with the Earth.
All energy, all movement,
all emotion, all behavior
comes from electrical energy.
And so when we
get grounded, when
we get earthed, what
comes from the Earth
is the magnetic fields floating
up from the Earth's surface.
And the molten core,
that heat that constantly
comes up from the surface--
well, that's what
regenerates us from our feet
up and feeds the 50
trillion cells in your body
that are totally reliant upon
electrical and magnetic fields
to communicate, to pass on
nutrients, to pass on water.
We've always known about it.
We've always walked and
talked and played and knelt
and laid down in the Earth.
And now it seems like in
this new industrial age,
we've lost that connection,
everybody, with all
these insulated shoes and
insulated beds and insulated
lives in concrete jungles.
All the soles of your
shoes are made of rubber,
like an insulator.
All our beds are elevated-- not
only elevated off the Earth,
they have insulating mattresses.
And what happens,
without us even knowing,
is we start to have
all sorts of problems--
all sorts of problems
like accelerated aging,
all sorts of problems like
all sorts of stress disorders
and dysfunctions, and
all the diseases that
come from inflammation, like
cancer and diabetes and lupus
and allergies.
All these things are related to
the inflammation of the body.
So if you haven't got your
feet in the Earth at some time
during the day, you're not
getting that natural energy
source that comes
through the body.
And that's all it takes, folks,
is just 20 minutes a day,
getting the shoes off, and
going for a walk on the Earth.
Or they've got these
bed plates that you
can get that have a copper
wire attached to it,
something you can
stick in the ground,
and you can literally sleep
on a bed that is earthed.
Or you can get
little mats you can
put under your computer at
work so your feet are attached
to it.
There's so many health
benefits that we know about.
It reduces stress.
It does that by
calming the body out.
It actually cools the
immune system down.
It actually cools the stress
hormones down when you get out,
and you get earthed.
One of the magical things it
does for me-- every time I
go traveling, I get
a bit of jet lag.
You get down, take
your shoes off,
go stand in the
grass or any dirt
that you can get for 20 minutes.
And literally, bam, it's
like your polarities
have been all evened out.
You're energetically balanced.
And then you're feeling good.
You're like, OK, I'm going
to go down to the bar
and have some
margaritas or whatever
it is you're planning
to do on that trip.
But that's one of the easiest.
And that works 100% of the
time to get rid of jet lag
is earthing.
Another great thing
it does is for EMFs.
Remember, we talked about
electromagnetic fields.
We're constantly being bombarded
by all these man-made EMFs.
Well, by taking your
shoes off and grounding,
the electrical energy that's
coming up from the Earth
counterbalances
all the other EMFs
that are coming into your body.
So that's another
amazing health benefit.
One of the things it
does is it reduces
menstrual and hormonal stress.
So all you ladies
out there, when
it's coming that
time in the cycle,
and you're starting to
feel a little bit edgy,
take your shoes off, if
you're not doing it already,
and go for a walk on
the grass, and just
notice how it'll reduce that
feeling and those emotions
when they come up.
This is particularly helpful
for you fellows, too.
When that time's
coming about, look,
let's not get in an argument.
Let's go for a walk, sweetie.
Hey, you know what?
Let's not wear the shoes.
You don't have to mention why.
You don't want to
bring this stuff up.
trigger something.
You just really want to get out
there and get those shoes off.
I mean, I wish I would have
known this stuff two years ago.
I probably wouldn't
be some single man.
I could have maintained
my relationship.
I mean, this is
cool stuff to know.
It dramatically reduces,
if not eliminates,
chronic pain-- you know,
the aching and that pain.
You don't realize that
all your body really
needs is just to get earthed.
It just helps out sleep so much.
Everyone who's
ever used earthing
will find that their
sleep patterns just
become consistent, and you
get that really deep sleep.
It helps with your energy flow.
You know, it's not like you
going to jump in and go,
wow, all of a sudden,
I feel like Superman.
But if you do it constantly,
days and days and days,
you'll notice that your energy
flow will be much, much better.
One of the most amazing things
it does is with blood flow.
There was a guy who was having
serious problems with his feet.
He had no nerve
feelings in his feet.
He'd literally go for
a walk on cold tiles,
and he couldn't even feel
the temperature of the tiles.
And he was trying all
these different things,
and he found out about earthing.
And he got one of
the bed plates.
And the first day he sat on the
bed plate, after 20 minutes,
he had intense pain in
his feet, and he's like,
oh, I'm not doing it.
I'm not doing it.
He went back to his guy and
said, look, that's normal.
Stick with it.
So he stuck with it.
And after a month, he started
to get feeling back in his feet.
And he had terribly
bad varicose veins.
It was almost purple and black,
really terrible to look at.
And after two months, his wife
kind of looked over at his feet
one day and went, you know what?
Your feet look beautiful.
He's like, yeah, well, I've
been doing this earthing.
There was another guy with
chronic heart problems.
He had bad chest.
He had rapid heartbeats
and irregular heartbeats.
And he tried every
single medication.
The guy was a top lawyer, so he
had that real business stress.
And some of us, we can't
avoid business stress.
We're making big decisions.
We're making a lot of money.
He started using
earthing, and he
found that over
one to two years,
he stopped all his medication.
All the drugs and all the
stuff and all the doctors
and all the thousands of dollars
that he spent was unnecessary.
All he needed to do
was take his shoes off
and go for a walk in the grass.
It's hard for people to even
comprehend that-- well, no no,
I'm taking this.
I'm taking-- no,
forget taking that.
Just take your shoes
off, and go for a walk.
And they're like, oh,
well, what do you mean?
That's what we're talking
about, earthing-- so simple.
It's so simple,
but it's so true.
And once you get out,
and you start trying it,
you're going to
notice a difference
in your overall energy.
Now, it's kind of become
aware to all of us
with this amazing
book called Earthing.
It's been co-written by Clinton
Ober, Dr. Stephen Sinatra,
and Martin Zucker.
And Dr. Stephen Sinatra
is a top cardiologist,
and he's now using earthing
in so many of his patients
now and finding amazing results.
And if you get this book
and have a look through it,
there's so many
cool testimonies.
And there's too many
for us to talk about.
But if you get the book,
you'll just see it.
And that'll really
give you confidence.
It'll give you inspiration.
And it'll get you to
just go, you know what?
I'm going to do this.
Stop this.
I'm getting my shoes off,
and I'm going for a walk.
In fact, I think that's what
we're going to do right now,
folks.
We've had enough
of looking at me.
I've had enough of
talking about this.
You're going to experience
it for yourself.
You're going to
get your shoes off.
Go on.
Go and get your shoes off,
and go for a walk right
now on the grass, on the dirt.
And keep doing this day after
day, and you're going to go,
you know what?
That Ty from Alternative
Health, he was right, man.
I feel so much better.
What have you been doing, man?
Have you been going to doctors?
No, I've just been going
out and getting earthed.
That's it.
All right, guys.
Go get earthed.
Take your shoes off.
Go on.
See you.
Love you.
Bye-bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]